2016.3:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 5)
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for GTY transceiver in UltraScale and UltraScale Plus devices
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.2:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 4)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 3)
 * added optional transciever ports
 * Changes to HDL library management to support Vivado IP simulation library
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.4.2:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 2)
 * corrected gt_rxlpmen_in value.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.3:
 * Version 4.0 (Rev. 1)
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances
 * Added data streaming feature.

2015.2.1:
 * Version 4.0
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 4.0
 * Removed Generate Physical Layer Only option now generates Full Design by default
 * Updated the SIDE_BAND_SIGNALS and CORE_DEBUG interfaces with correct interface association (Master)
 * Upgraded to major version for single licensing
 * Added support for ultrascaleplus devices

2015.1:
 * Version 3.3
 * Reduced transmit path latency by one clock in BUF layer(log_clk) and PHY layer(phy_clk) respectively
 * Fixed functional issues around error injection and packet cancellation
 * Updated GTH wrappers for current release
 * Added fairness algorithm as user choice in GUI
 * Transceiver control and status ports: added gt_txinhibit and gt_pcsrsvdin[]

2014.4.1:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 1)
 * Added XA and XQ device support
 * Fixed functional issues around error injection and packet cancellation
 * Encrypted source files are concatenated together to reduce the number of files and to reduce simulator compile time

2014.3:
 * Version 3.2
 * Added 7 series GTH support (AR 54372)
 * Added Ultrascale GTH support
 * Updated GTX and GTP wrappers
 * Fixed Critical warning issue due to incorrect create clock constraint in the ooc.xdc (AR 57903)

2014.2:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 2)
 * Fixed Critical warning issue due to incorrect create clock constraint in the ooc.xdc file
 * Fixed TXDIFFCTRL signal bit width issue

2014.1:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Internal device family name change, no functional changes
 * Netlists created by write_verilog and write_vhdl are IEEE P1735 encrypted, with keys for supported simulators so that netlist simulation can still be done
 * Enable third party synthesis tools to read encrypted netlists (but not source HDL)
 * Repackaged to improve internal automation, no functional changes

2013.4:
 * Version 3.1
 * Increased the number of optional transceiver control and status ports.

2013.3:
 * Version 3.0
 * Added support for Cadence IES and Synopsys VCS simulators
 * Added optional transceiver control and status port
 * Changed core boundary to include all required logic
 * Added GUI option to include or exclude shareable logic resources in the core
 * Enhanced support for IP Integrator
 * ISE specific meta-data support is removed

2013.2:
 * Version 2.0
 * No changes

2013.1:
 * Version 2.0
 * Added support for Zynq
 * Updated Artix 7 GT wrappers
 * Added QPLL and CPLL clock resets to GTX wrappers
 * Fixed phy_link_reset bug
 * Fixed alignment errors with IDLE2 in x1 configuration

(c) Copyright 2002 - 2016 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
